that's down the road and there's certain
things you have to discuss ahead of time
you have to be very careful with it so
many ideas anything from DVDs to toys
and books or adding things porn stars
guide to good to great sex by mr. Marcus
is a grateful to reviewed it on Tuesday
there's lots of stuff in there so you
can go through it you can say hey honey
I'd love to try this and your partner
can also choose things and say if this
interests me and then you can sort of
have a weekend we'll use both try to
adult each other these are the
structures about fantasies it also has a
whole bunch of different positions to
try out so I would recommend
that's many steps before you actually
introduce another person into the mix
and if you do do that again you have to
be very careful otherwise it can
backfire if it doesn't give you what you
hoped for and it has to be good for the
both of you okay so good luck to you and
fuck your plan to be safe and make sure
that all the expects okay Marcus how can
I help you today